Okay, so what exactly you should provide to pass this course?
Let's define this more precisely,
as a list of deliverables.
There are two main things to provide,
code and the report.
The code includes all algorithms you have been using in
freeRTOS as well as the system code itself and the tasks.
In summary, you should make zip file on
all files and folders in the root directory of the project.
This package can then easily be extracted by
the reviewer and impor- imported to the original studio.
It will become a fairly large file, but this is okay.
Next, you need to
provide a written report about your design choices and the adoption of the algorithms.
More specifically, the report should include
configuration parameters of freeRTOS itself such
as parameters and freeRTOS coffee cup edge,
configurations about the TCP connection,
parameters regarded to scheduling and so on.
Details above all tasks created in freeRTOS,
including how you determine the schedule in freeRTOS?
How we integrated the edge detection algorithm and
a screen shot of running algorithm we did before and after a shot of an image.
Same story with the encryption algorithm.
You are- you also need to include the output from some encrypted data of your choice.
You also must explain how you implemented the TCP client and then
include the screenshot of the client transmitting data successfully to the TCP server.
Apart from the tasks,
you should include relevant code and explanation about how you
handle the communication between the tasks in freeRTOS,
and why such choices were made.
And finally a screenshot of the running TCP server on the PC
that is successfully receiving the data packets from the TCP client.
But hey, there is more.
Your report should include a discussion and references to relevant techniques and
hardware for interconnecting the camera to a real embedded hardware platform.
Specifically, you must discuss resolution and the picture quality needed.
How much energy is- is such as platform is consuming?
What is throughput requirement of the communication?
How about reliability?
And can you give a financial estimate of such a system?
The final part of the report should
include reference to choices for hardware platform and operating systems.
Particularly, explain the performance of the hardware and operating system,
the energy consumption,
the availability- can you easily get the hardware and operating system?
How about the costs?
And is this choice viable in a real industrial project?
Thanks for following the course and we wish you a good luck in implementing the project.